About me
My name is Simon. I am a professional tutor with a diverse skill set spanning from a six years’ experience of professional academic writing. I have an unending passion for freelance writing which has grown over the years. I am an MSc Finance and BCom. in Accounting and Finance holder. I am also a Certified Public Accountant. This area of study gave me an academic experience that equipped me with analytical, problem solving and critical thinking skills. I have used my knowledge and expertise in this field to help students with their assignments in the related disciplines. However, as a clients’ favorite writer, I have always received requests to assist in other disciplines, which I have been able to execute with success. As such, I have advanced to become an all-round accomplished writer and Tutor. As a top-rated Tutor/writer, I am also fully conversant with different writing styles including MLA, APA, Harvard, Chicago, OSCOLA, OXFORD, AMA and IEEE.

So far, I have helped over a thousand clients with various assignments including essays, personal statements, admission essays, resumes, research projects, theses and dissertations among others. I have successfully completed more than a thousand orders and achieved a clients’ satisfaction rate of 99.9% as evidenced by positive reviews on my profile. I attribute this performance partly to my analytical skills and keenness to work. My insistence on quality writing has also earned me a reputation among my clients leading to referrals; this has positively influenced my growth as a writer. I expect my clients to realize value for their resources by presenting excellent and original papers.

On a personal level, I am friendly and ready to help, and more so in any type of work. I am also an honest and diligent, hence the positive reaction by clients. My honesty and diligence has been important in maintaining long-term relations with most of my clients. I maintain a smooth communication between the clients and myself in case of a concern and see to it that the issue is resolved amicably. I have never been demoted, a justification of my passion and commitment. I always avoid plagiarism and ensure a client’s work is delivered promptly and with the desired quality. To the client, I am the most preferred Tutor/writer. Click on my profile and send me an invite to your order, I will respond shortly.
Education
Master of Science in Finance- Jomo Kenyatta University of Technology
Dedan Kimathi University of Technology-Kenya, Bachelor, Accounting and Finance
Languages
English, Kiswahili
